you know I'm a New Yorker so I love a
city that has a great street life and
mix of people the Tokyo appreciates
heritage and history but also loves to
experiment with what's new and what's
next
and I think also I love the Japanese
attend
the smallest thing can be so perfect
here
which is exciting for design
I always think about something that's
energetic optimistic fun and fearless l
reminds me of a woman who's fearless who
enjoys ourselves and enjoys her life
what I love about it it's timeless it's
very comfortable and yet very elegant
and chic it has beautiful attention to
detail and it's a little bit you know
sexy with a little cutout detail hi L
Japan
come on I got the season dressed very
casually we wear a lot of blood we wear
a lot of jeans so I think it's really
all about kind of explanation so a great
colorful handbag structure
with everything
you can be wearing your exercise clothes
but if you throw a cool jacket or a coat
on your shoulders it's very stylish
the most important thing to all of you
out there
is to remember that you know fashion is
to make you feel great about yourself to
find things that make you feel more
confident that you enjoy wearing and
dress for yourself don't dress for your
friends don't dress for your family
dress in what makes you feel happy and
makes you feel confident that's the best
fashion which i think is very L is all
about
you